1.I thought a good architectural structure should be useful, durable and beautiful.     极高频
2.A person’s educational level is closely associated with their social and economic background.     极高频
3.All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.     极高频
4.All of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.     极高频
5.The educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.     极高频
6.Students will develop confidence in their ability to think critically.     极高频
7.Certain scientific principles must be learned verbally or by logical deduction.     极高频
8.Consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.     极高频
9.Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.     极高频
10.It is really a comprehensive program comprising both theory and practice.     极高频
11.Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.     极高频
12.Many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.     极高频
13.Most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.     极高频
14.Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.     极高频
15.Peer pressure has a great effect on young people.     极高频
16.Please check the information on the website for the opening times.     极高频
17.Please note that the submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.     极高频
18.The supposed benefit of space exploration has been frequently questioned.     极高频
19.She has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.     极高频
20.Some departments have their own special book collections     极高频
21.Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.     极高频
22.Students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.     极高频
23.The author’s early works were more experimental and less philosophical.     极高频
24.The cafeteria features soup, salads, sandwiches, chicken and fish.     极高频
25.The designers will complete the plan later today.     极高频
26.The earth atmosphere is primarily composed of nitrogen and oxygen gases.     极高频
27.The history of the university is a long and interesting one.     极高频
28.The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.     极高频
29.The results of the study underscored the importance of early detection.     极高频
30.There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.     极高频
31.There is clearly a need for further research in this field.     极高频
32.This class will look at the structure of an essay.     极高频
33.University fees are expected to increase next year.     极高频
34.When parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.     极高频
35.You will acquire many skills during the academic studies.     极高频
36.Speak to your tutor if you require further assistance.     极高频
37.Education and training provide important skills for the labor force.     极高频
38.Global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media.     极高频
39.Several candidates are qualified as the greatest scientists of all time.     极高频
40.There are opportunities to receive grants in most artistic fields.     极高频
41.There is a welcome party for all new students for each term.     极高频
42.Those who are considering a career in marketing should attend the talk.     极高频
43.Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.     极高频
44.In this language course, we focus on both fluency and accuracy.     极高频
45.One of the election promises is to decrease income taxes.     极高频
46.This course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.     极高频
47.The ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.     极高频
48.Archeologists discovered tools and other artifacts near the ancient tomb.     极高频
49.Calculators may not be used during the examination.     极高频
50.The site is designed to be highly interactive.     极高频
51.Tomorrow’s lecture will discuss the educational policy in the United States.     极高频
52.You should submit your term papers to the general office.     极高频
53.Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.     极高频
54.Scientists were unsure when the early men first left Africa.     极高频
55.It is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.     极高频
56.Consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.     极高频
57.This book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.     极高频
58.Distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.     极高频
59.Measures must be taken to prevent the unemployment rate from increasing.     极高频
60.Classical mechanics is sometimes considered as a branch of applied mathematics.     极高频
61.New materials and techniques are changing the style of modern architecture.     极高频
62.Information technology has changed the way people study today.     极高频
63.Practical experiment is an essential part of the chemistry course.     极高频
64.The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.     极高频
65.There is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.     极高频
66.You need to hand in an essay next semester.     极高频
67.Parents are financially responsible for their children up until they reach adulthood.     极高频
68.Students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.     极高频
69.Peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.     极高频
70.Advanced technology created growth in the economy.     极高频
71.A lack of sleep can increase the chance of getting some illnesses.     极高频
72.The north campus car park could be closed on Sunday.     极高频
73.Banks charge interest on the money they lent to customers     极高频
74.Scientists have found all parts of society today.     极高频
75.Physics is the key subject to understanding the world and the universe.     极高频
76.The new camera can identify your eyes and focus on them.     极高频
77.There is a pharmacy on campus near the bookstore.     极高频
78.In language learning, a systematic method of categorizing new vocabulary is essential.     极高频
79.Students will focus on reporting news on changing the media world.     极高频
80.The lecture today will cover all the main reasons for global warming.     极高频
81.Studies showed there is a positive correlation between the two variables.     极高频
82.You should have awareness of how the business operates globally.     极高频
83.The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.     极高频
84.An architect is required to have problem-solving skills and an eye for design.     极高频
85.Student representatives will be visiting the classrooms with voting forms.     极高频
86.The article considers the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas.     极高频
87.Read the first section before the next meeting.     极高频
88.A wide range of courses covered different aspects in this subject.     极高频
89.The subject was complex and difficult to answer.     极高频
90.In his lifetime, he composed a large number of works.     极高频
91.Each department has their own style of guidelines for assignments.     极高频
92.The field of journalism has been seen in decline in the decades.     极高频
93.The geography examination will take place in the sports hall.     极高频
94.Students should visit the lecture hall behind the building.     极高频
95.You need student identification to borrow books from the library.     极高频
96.The temporary library will be closed in the winter break.     极高频
97.It is essential for companies to reduce the amount of harmful gases released into the atmosphere.     极高频
98.Each organ of your body is a complex living system.     极高频
99.The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.     极高频
100.In addition to these requirements, students must pass all the qualified examinations.     极高频
101.We are considering all the candidates' background and identities.     极高频
102.Our aim is to reduce the risk that people take.     极高频
103.You must wear clean shoes when working in the lab.     极高频
